[R2] aside update (#5043)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/r2/platform/s3-compatibility/api.md

{{<Aside type="warning">}}

> Note that `ListObjects` is supported but `ListObjectsV2` is recommended when developing applications. Learn more at [ListObjects](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/API_ListObjects.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though `ListObjects` is a supported operation, it is recommended that you use `ListObjectsV2` instead when developing applications. For more information, refer to [ListObjects](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/API_ListObjects.html).
```
